entirety!
Ash!
actor!
coworker!
poopoooh!
Elmo!
knit Prank!
完全 바 oyn,
more on少 reass contin!
happy birthday!
oh wow thanks girls
ah ah down down stay!
we're going to make you breakfast in bed
oh great uh just a friendly question
don't worry it won't take long
oh thanks
because we know how you get when you're hungry
cranky stay!
all right here's the plan
I'll make dad an omelette, Louie you set the brekkie tray and Bingo you make the birthday card
quickly we don't want dad getting hungry
okay!
okay super quick omelette my specialty
oh hi Bingo
hi
are you going to get started on the birthday card?
I already made one at kindy
oh that's lovely
I want to help you make the omelette
this episode of Louie is called omelette
what do we do first?
well first we need to mix
oh no I can get them
oh okay
oh Bingo that's awfully loud honey
come here Engies
not you celery
I'll get that
oh do you want me to carry those for you?
no it's okay I'm almost there
oops it's okay I'll clean it up
no I can do it
okay here's the paper towels
and that's it
I'll make a start on the omelette honey I'll just crack the eggs
can I help crack the eggies?
um sure honey how about I sort this out and you get started on the eggs
grab a silver bowl from the cupboard
okay
is this one okay?
oh man getting hungry
how many eggs are in an omelette?
um three or four?
I'm hungry
better make it four
one two three
come on Bingo get quicker
four oh no
one two three
hey where's four?
done how are the eggs doing Bingo?
there's four
hello is Brecky almost ready?
it's coming
okay birthday boy's getting cranky
let's get cracking Bingo
ah get it cracking
oh my goodness
sorry Bluey it's okay I'll clean it up
thanks Bluey
okay try again honey I'll just hold it for you
a bit harder honey
give it a good whack
that's too hard
oh uh no honey the shells don't go in
let's try again
okay
hello?
hi uh will breakfast be in my mouth soon?
it's on its way
I'm just letting Bingo help me
I don't want to complain but
ah sorry
was that my breakfast?
that was a big one
I gotta go
Bingo I might handle the omelette honey
oh you don't want my help
um I do but it might be quicker if I do it
uh okay
why don't you help Bluey set the breakfast tray?
I don't need help I'm finished
well um oh look Bingo you could play with the salt and pepper soldiers you love them
okay mama
it's coming
Bluey run this celery up to dad
yes mom
okay extra super quick omelette also my specialty
okay
all right omelette done
where are you going?
I'm off to guard the queen that's my job
oh I'll come too
no you can't guard the queen
why not?
you're not good at it
I am really I am
no you better stay home but I'm a guard just like you
yes but you're not a proper guard like me
oh okay then bye bye
hello queen
the number you have dialed has been disconnected
hey what?
Bingo come here
I made an omelette for dad but I didn't make it the right way
really?
yeah I need your help making another one
okay
is that an omelette I can smell?
get back upstairs
it is can I just
no this isn't for you
what well who's it for?
you go I'll take care of dad
please I need food
do
maybe I could eat this plant
happy birthday
is that food?
sure is
I made you an omelette
give it here
stand back bingo you might lose a finger
did you like it?
bingo I'm going to be completely honest
that was the best omelette I've ever had in my life
can I have another one?
yes
let me clean this away for you birthday boy
no mum I can do it
oh okay thanks bingo
I'll help you
I think there are a few egg shells in that omelette
well you can't make an omelette without breaking a few
we'll clean it up
eggs
you